Announce that we are in a sea of stress the first thing that we want to do is we will want to apply
more here to all the elements that we're going to have a padding zero margins here like this.
Then after that we're going to target a body.
So we're going to say Behati and for the whole body we're still going to do a background and we're going
to do this whitish color.
Here is a background.
All right.
Hash tag EF 5 EF 3 5 0 here.
Then after that we would want actual fun family.
Right.
Because you can see or hear read I do have the Google font.
The robot on.
However you can see over here that I haven't actually included them right.
So here I'm going to say font family here.
They're all going to place here in quotation marks.
Are going to write a robot go like this.
We're going to place a comma.
This is going to be Sounds sort of like this.
Now we have the fonts.
The next one would want to hear this on our list.
All right.
I actually want to get rid of these annoying little dots right.
That usually comes with Wunderlist.
Now you can see them right now because we got the margins and paddings but believe me they're still
there.
So here's what I'm going to say is going to be Nav. here on her list.
All right.
This is going to be a list style type.
None right now no more now.
Well now we don't have them right now.
We got rid of those bullet points and then we're actually right away going to head or here and start
working with these links.
So I'm going to say we're here now have an ordered list please turn them on here.
And this is going to be like what I would want.
First I'm going to set text decoration.
I'm going to say none.
Right.
So this is going to get rid of all of this there then after that we're going to see this play block
here.
And the reason for this playbook is because first of all we would want them to actually take the whole
space.
You know there's an alternate would want as we're actually hovering right you can see that as I'm hovering
right this is still a link.
So before that there were actually only one or you are just hovering over the actual text.
Right now if I'm hovering anywhere this is going to work.
Then once we have the display block we're going to have a caller and we're going to use the car.
So I'm going to say F F C and this is going to be 9 1 for it and our get real color.
Then after that we would want a background for background we're going to go with a black one is going
to be too easy to not.
After that we're going to have eight to eight to nobody.
So you can see this is going to be our black background.
And after that I would want a transition and font size.
So we're going to say we're here font size and this is going to be 20 pixels like this.
And then we're going to have a transition no real transition we're going to say or hair color and background.
And basically what I'm saying is that I'm going to be adding one more over here a rule right as when
I'm actually hovering right.
But as I'm hovering I actually don't want it to happen right away.
I don't want it to happen right away instantly.
Therefore I'm going to be using that transition property right.
And here I need to set the out.
So first I'm going to say that AOD which properties I would want to affect my so I'm going to say first
caller I'm going to say two seconds.
He's on this.
I went over to say two seconds we're going to say he's right and easy basically means how this transition
is going to happen right.
Whether it's going to start fast run fast and ease in out usually is a default All right.
So we can just say ease ease in out here.
That's right.
Easy now.
Or we can just write.
It doesn't really matter.
And on here we can have a background we say background.
That's going to be the second property.
And again we're going to do two seconds here.
So basically what I'm saying here is how do one effect this property.
I would want Actually this transition to take two seconds.
And usually the reason why I like to have my transition is happening two seconds because I like to actually
show you that it's working right now and is probably going to do something like this right.
You're going to do something like 0.4.
We're going to stick with you here on this.
And then after that want actual properties right.
And before we do that actually I forgot a parting.
So I'm going to say all right padding and I'm going to say 10 pixels really.
Right.
So we added element of padding then on here we're going to say now I have have this and you can see
that the reason my typing is extremely well on my list is I heard him say an hour or hour when magically
what I'm going to say right now I'm going to say color how I'm going to flip them around.
I'm going to say whatever was Blagrove core is going to be the actual font color.
And so I'm going to say copy color.
And here we're going to say background is going to be up.
It's are going to say Magro over here and we're going to use this.
Right now you can see that where I'm getting this transition robery from right that basically with transition
I'm saying which properties I would want to affect and transition is going to be what I'm wearing right.
And these are these are going to be the values that are going to be changing.
So if I save this one in here and actually start hovering all right you can see that transitions are
happening actually over time.
Right.
Not right away as they just hover and right away it turns actually yellow and the text is black red.
So this kind of gives it a little bit nicer.
And once we're done with hovering Let's actually focus over here on this log or here it is going to.
And what we are going to do here is going to find where it is when you say this is going to be nav.
And this is going to be a long go down here are going to say first of all background.
All right.
And again we're going to use a yellow F F C here.
This is going to be nine one for this one.
So again we're going to do the opposite.
This one was black.
This is going to be.
Then after that we would want a padding right padding around say 10 pixels like this.
And over here we would actually want to start using the flex box properly.
Right.
You can see or hear these two items right now logo is the parent for both of them right.
And if I'm going to write on here display when I say flex I can see first of all this got moved all
the way to the top.
But you can see that something changed right.
We actually applied already a flex box.
And after that we're going to say justify content and just content between when this is going to be
content and spaces between what I'm saying you know what just push them as far as way you can from each
other.
And then after that let's work with this guy let's work with a fantastic Maika.
We're going to say a lot now logo.
Basically I want a class right now that I would want a font or some one like this and then I'm going
to say first of all that I would want to place it in the center I'm going to use a Lexmark so I'm going
to say align itself.
I'm going to say Center or here right.
So now I can see right away it sits directly center over here.
Then after that we would want additional padding.
So I'm going to say padding and I'm going to say 10 pixels on this.
So now there's padding around.
And then after that will want a font size and say 25 pixels so the font got bigger.
And after that you're going to have a cursor and I we are going to use pointer right.
So basically what's happening is as I'm going over here this icon right as I'm hovering right you can
see that cursor is going to be changing and this is going to be it for a mobile you.
Right next what we would want to do is actually start applying the media equerries.
So this wouldn't be actually responsive.
Right.
So once we got to the bigger screen right.
This is not going to stay the same.
So I'm going to save this one here like this.
And what we're going to do here we're going to check it out how this looks like.
So again we're going to minimize this open up frozen banana.
We're like this.
I mean I can see that this guy right.
Our index or you know this this actually is going to be all over it too.
You can see where are right.
So doesn't matter.
And the screen says this is going to be appearing like this.
Right.
And you can see also that we still haven't applied any kind of actual inquiry.
So this would actually fold.
Right.
So this business right now is not working we can click all we want doesn't really change.
So let's go to this.
And let's actually start applying the responsiveness.